Chart: Update Crosshair demo description (#30700)
DevExpress/DevExtreme: apps/demos/Demos/Charts/Crosshair/description.md

> DevExtreme Chart supports point crosshairs. When enabled, the component displays the value and argument of hovered points. To configure Chart crosshairs, specify the [crosshair](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/crosshair/) object.

Reviewer: I would like to expand this description a little bit - crosshairs are not that widely known.

```suggestion
The DevExtreme Chart component supports crosshairs (vertical and horizontal lines centered on a data point). When enabled, the crosshair follows the cursor and snaps to the nearest series point. To configure crosshair settings, specify the [crosshair](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/crosshair/) object.
```

<!--split-->

This demo configures the following **crosshair** properties:

- [color](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/crosshair/#color)    

> Specifies crosshair line color.

Reviewer: Since we already mentioned crosshairs in the list intro, I think we can omit this word later.

```suggestion
Specifies the line color.
```

- [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/crosshair/#width)    

> Configures crosshair line width.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures the line width.
```

- [dashStyle](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/crosshair/#dashStyle)    

> Defines the crosshair dash style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the line style.
```

- [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/crosshair/label/)    

> Configures crosshair labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configures labels (text and appearance).
```

> You can customize horizontal and vertical crosshair lines individually. To do this, configure the **crosshair**.[horizontalLine](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/crosshair/horizontalLine/) and **crosshair**.[verticalLine](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/crosshair/verticalLine/) objects.

Reviewer: I tried to shorten this paragraph.

```suggestion
You can configure **crosshair**.[horizontalLine](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/crosshair/horizontalLine/) and **crosshair**.[verticalLine](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxChart/Configuration/crosshair/verticalLine/) objects to override settings for each line individually.
```
